.\" Manpage for barkeeper. Run 'make install-docs' to install.
.\" Contact info@madcow.dev to correct any errors or typos.

.TH BARKEEPER 8

.SH NAME
barkeeper \- barcode database

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B barkeeper
.B [ -d | -k | -r | -v | -h ] [ -f
.I filename
.B ] [ -p | -w
.I port
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
barcode database with both Telnet and HTTP/S interface.
It displays real-time updates from connected scanners
in the web browser.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-d, --daemon"
Run process in background. Any output will be written to
/var/log/barkeeper.log. See FILES section for more info.
.IP "-k, --kill"
Stop active background process. Ensures that all database
state information is preserved for the next execution.
.IP "-r, --restart"
Restart active daemon. Same as -kill --daemon.
.IP "-f, --file \fIfilename\fR"
Import additional barcode data from CSV file. Can be
done while the daemon is running in the background.
This option has priority over settings found in
/etc/barkeeper.cfg.
.IP "-p, --port \fIport\fR"
Set external telnet server port. This option has priority
over settings found in /etc/barkeeper.cfg.
.IP "-w, --http \fIport\fR"
Set external http server port. This option has priority
over settings found in /etc/barkeeper.cfg.
.IP "-v, --verbose"
Enable verbose logging.
.IP "-h, --help"
Print help text.
.SH FILES

.I /etc/barkeeper.cfg
.RS
System wide configuration file. See README for details.
.RE

.I /var/log/barkeeper.log
.RS
Console output generated while running in daemon mode.
.RE

.I /var/run/barkeeper.pid
.RS
Active daemons store their process id here. This allows
us to stop and restart running barkeeper instances.
.RE

.I /var/lib/barkeeper/
.RS
Variable state information like the local database.
.RE

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Leon Krieg <\fIinfo@madcow.dev\fR>
